[docs] release notes for 2.20.3.0 (#21822)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/releases/yba-releases/v2.20.md

* [Task Retryability](../../../yugabyte-platform/manage-deployments/retry-failed-task/) for VM-based universes. You can now address the cause of a failure for a complex operation and retry. For example, if adding nodes to a universe fails due to a cloud quota limit, you can fix the quota issue and retry the task. PLAT-6141
* [Delphix integration](../../../integrations/delphix/). Delphix now officially supports YugabyteDB for its database virtualization and data masking solutions.
* [Commvault integration](../../../integrations/commvault/). Commvault officially supports backup and restore of YugabyteDB.
* [Automated OS Patching and upgrades for public cloud](/stable/yugabyte-platform/manage-deployments/upgrade-nodes-csp/). With just a few clicks, you can non-disruptively upgrade your Linux OSs to the latest security patch levels, or even to newer or different Linux OSs. PLAT-9012

> * Asymmetric Network proxy settings. For a given universe, network proxy settings can now be specified at per region granularity (rather than per universe granularity). For example, beneficial for multi-cloud universes sending their backups to a single cloud bucket. {{<badge/ea>}} PLAT-12604

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Asymmetric Network proxy settings. For a given universe, network proxy settings can now be specified at per region granularity (rather than per universe granularity). This is beneficial in multi-cloud universes to, for example, send backups to a single cloud bucket. {{<badge/ea>}} PLAT-12604
```
